#1 Update Scenic View to run with JavaFX 11 (#2)
JonathanGiles/scenic-view: ReadMe.md

Scenic View
===========

Scenic View is a JavaFX application designed to make it simple to understand the current state of your application scenegraph, 
and to also easily manipulate properties of the scenegraph without having to keep editing your code. 
This lets you find bugs, and get things pixel perfect without having to do the compile-check-compile dance. 
You can [learn more about Scenic View on its website](http://www.scenic-view.org).

## Java Version

Scenic View runs on Java 11 and JavaFX 11. 

For more information about JavaFX 11, see https://openjfx.io/openjfx-docs/.

## How to build

Install a valid Java 11 version, and set `JAVA_HOME` accordingly.

The project is managed by gradle, so is not necessary to download the JavaFX 11 SDK. 

To build the project, type:

	./gradlew build

To build a custom runtime image for your platform, type:

	./gradlew jlink

You can also create a zipped version of that image for distribution:

	./gradlew jlinkZip

> ## Use of ScenicView

Reviewer: A few instances of 'ScenicView' rather than 'Scenic View'

```suggestion
## Use of Scenic View
```

### Stand-alone application

> You can run ScenicView as stand-alone application from this project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run Scenic View as stand-alone application from this project:
```
